[phone ringing]
[HATSUNA groaning]
Huh? What the heck?
Is that someone's alarm?
It sounds like it's
coming over by Hatsuna.
It must be her phone.
Hatsuna...
I think your cell
phone's ringing.
[snoring]
Hatsuna...
[HATSUNA grumbles]
Hey, Hatsuna!
I'm impressed you can
sleep through this noise.
Hatsuna, wake up.
Could you please answer
your phone already?
[HATSUNA grunts]
[TOMITA]
Hey, we're headin' out!
[ALL groan]
[TOMITA]
Is everyone here?
Well? What is it?
Heh. Leave everything to me.
[ALL]
Just answer the question.
[MAFUYU grumbles]
[TOMITA]
Hmph.
[yawns]
So, spill, just
where in the world
are we going so early
in the morning?
[GROUP sighs]
Come on. Where are we headed to?
[laughs] To paradise.
Paradise, huh?
I don't think that's a
word you should say
with an evil look on your face.
So where are we going?
Here's a hint: Remember
that one camping anime?
[HATSUNA]
Hey!
Sleepy. So very sleepy.
You said it.
I don't think you could
even call it dawn yet.
[TOMITA]
We're here!
What is this, Tomita?
Where are we?
[TOMITA]
A hot spring!
[GROUP]
Uhh...
We're going to soak in
their open-air baths!
If that's what you wanted to do,
they've got open-air
baths at our inn.
I'm still sleepy.
Well, the baths
here are special,
so quit all the bellyaching
and just jump on in!
[gasps]
[ALL gasping]
[gasps, laughs]
[TOMITA screaming]
[TOMITA]
Every dawn has its dawn!
Well, that ruined it.
[GIRLS laugh]
[GIRLS sigh]
Do you think Tomita
was trying to...?
Mm-hm. This is definitely
his way of being thoughtful.
[RIN]
Yeah...
[TOMITA] A Hottarakashi
Hot Spring specialty:
fried soft-boiled eggs!
Frying high!
Huh?
They actually deep-fried
a whole soft-boiled egg?
I have some serious
doubts about this.
Normally you'd just
boil eggs or roll them
into Japanese-style omelets.
Or just scramble them
up in a frying pan.
What else is there?
Filled omelets?
[TOMITA] Well, at Hottarakashi
Hot Spring, they deep-fry 'em!
Just think of it as a gimmick
and give 'em a try!
[GIRLS gasp]
[TOMITA grunting]
It's hot! Hot! Hot!
But it's delicious!
[HATSUNA chuckles]
Mm. It works.
[RIN]
What the heck? This is great!
[NAYUTA]
The yolk's nice and runny.
[FUBUKI]
Yes, hot and runny.
Hot, hot, hot...
[TOMITA]
All done?
Okay! It's time for this!
[laughs]
Ah, I finally feel awake now!
Really? It took this long?
Well, girls? I know you've got
a lot of little things running
through your minds,
but out here in this fresh air,
all your worries just seem
to go away, don't they?
Standing before Mother Nature,
you start to realize just
how small we humans are.
What's with the phony
street-poet vibe you've got?
Look at him go. He really
has impressed me today.
Yeah, he's in the
zone, all right.
He hasn't said it, but I think
everything he's done today
is probably meant
to encourage us.
You said it.
[TOMITA] All right! Now that
you've soaked your worries away,
we're headin' out!
Tomita. Your fly is open.
What?!
That's what you get for
not acting like yourself.
[TOMITA]
How about a little detour?
[GIRLS]
Okay!
[RIN]
Where are we?
[MAFUYU] The sign says:
"Village Station Ichinomiya."
[NAYUTA] What do you think
that is? Is it a chicken?
[FUBUKI]
Mmm... maybe a pigeon?
Just so you know, something
special is found here.
Why do you have that
evil look on your face?
You see, they have
the rare delicacy known
as fresh Shingen mochi, madam!
Would you stop that
in every way please?
And they're limited in quantity,
only ten per day!
The competition for one
has to be fierce!
Now that he said that,
it's suddenly got my
curiosity piqued.
You all are so predictable.
Though I'll admit,
I'm curious as well.
But isn't fresh Shingen mochi
still just Shingen mochi?
[sputtering]
[GROUP]
Aw...
[EMPLOYEE A ]
I'm so sorry.
We haven't gotten
today's delivery yet.
When? When will they
be coming back in?
There's no need to get
so worked up, Mafuyu.
It arrives when it arrives.
Sorry. There isn't a set time.
Aw! This feels like
the taste of defeat.
It's not like you were all that
interested in trying them
to begin with.
[MAFUYU] Ugh. That was before
I saw they were all sold out.
It can't be helped.
Let's move on.
S'cuse me. Could I ask
you just one more thing?
Mafuyu, why don't you just
give up on it for today.
It's about that thing up there.
Is it a chicken or
pigeon or what?
That's your question?
What is it?
Oh, that's our pigeon mascot.
It has a name, too, of course.
We call it Poppo.
It's called Poppo, huh?
[TOMITA]
Moving on!
Aw... It's awful!
I can't get the thought
of that Shingen mochi
out of my head!
You're the one who was saying it
was just Shingen mochi earlier.
Hold on. Now that
I think about it,
Shingen mochi isn't
baked to begin with.
So, if what they have over there
is specifically
fresh and unbaked...
Stop that! You're only making
me wanna eat them even more!
[TOMITA]
We're here!
[MAFUYU] Fubuki!
They have ninja croquettes!
[FUBUKI]
Wow.
Huh?
[RIN] Are they roasted?
Or are they cold?
Which is it?
Curious? They're cold
and delicious, try one.
[NAYUTA]
Are you sure?
Mm-hm! Come on, Come on.
[RIN]
Thank you very much.
[PROPRIETOR A]
Here.
Go on. Go on.
Well? You see?
--Heck it's great!
--It really is good!
Isn't it though?
Hold on. Try this one now,
it's a favorite.
What the heck?
It's so sweet!
I'd say you could even
eat this as a dessert!
This really is delicious,
I'd like to actually
buy one from you!
[laughs] It's fine,
don't worry about it.
Help yourself to some tea over
there and take your time.
Okay.
Thanks again for
the sweet potatoes.
And here's one for you, Rin.
Thanks a lot.
[laughs] Refreshingly cold
and tasty!
Huh? Nayuta.
Look.
[NAYUTA]
Hm?
[RIN]
Huh...
I can see it.
Uh. See what?
This could work in our act.
Let's use it!
[TOMITA]
Onto our next stop!
[MAFUYU whines]
Why?
[RIN] It's super limited,
so it figures.
[TOMITA]
Lunchtime!
Aw! There's only one
thing I wanna eat
and that's fresh Shingen mochi!
It's pretty hard to buy them
when there's only ten
available every day.
[RIN]
Raho?
[TOMITA] It's a new specialty
around Isawa Onsen.
I've been seeing raho
being recommended everywhere.
Then I'm gonna go with that!
--Me, too
--So will I!
--Count me in!
--One for me, too!
I don't even have
the words for this!
Yeah. The way the soup clings
to the noodles
makes it so delicious!
This is like champon,
it's really hearty.
Oh, yum!
Jealous? You should've ordered
the raho like we did, Tomita.
No thanks.
Not when the restaurant's
claim to fame is this!
[FUBUKI, MAFUYU, RIN]
Whoa.
[TOMITA] Yum! All this
cabbage is really filling!
If you asked me why I'm
eating all this cabbage,
I'd have to answer
because it's there!
You can talk or you can eat,
just pick one!
[TOMITA] All right, let's
head back, take a bath,
and get ready for our show!
[HATSUNA]
Another bath?
[MAFUYU]
You know, I realized something.
[FUBUKI]
What's that?
All the places we visited
today were a treasure trove
of stand-up material!
Like at Hottarakashi!
Those fried eggs!
And that fresh Shingen mochi.
Those cold sweet potatoes.
And that burn warning label
on the iced barley tea!
[RIN]
There was so much.
I'm sure some of the guests here
must have visited those places,
just like we did today.
[MAFUYU]
Mm!
You said it! We need
something they can relate to.
Yes, you're right,
that's it exactly!
We've gotta tweak things.
Let's go work on it.
[FUBUKI]
Okay.
[MAFUYU]
Okay, I think we should...
[RIN] This is all part of
the act, so the voice here.
[NAYUTA]
Ooh, I like that.
[TOMITA] That's better.
Love the back-and-forth.
You really can rise to
the occasion, Tomita.
Oh, you just noticed that?
[HAJIME]
Those four were like sad,
wilted flowers after
last night's show.
But it looks like they've
perked up quite a bit now.
[RIN]
You should have a backup plan.
Thank you for that.
[SHIHO, HARUNA laughing]
And so that's why these maracas
help us shake things up!
That was lame. Just drop it.
Kanae, what's with
that reaction?
That was so funny!
[gasping]
[gasps]
They really liked it,
didn't they?
Looks that way.
I'm kinda relieved that Haruna
and Shiho both laughed at it.
And we're only gonna get
more and more laughs
from here on out!
Hey, that reminds me.
You haven't had a chance to
tell Fuyu we're teaming up
to do comedy yet, have you?
Oh, right, sorry.
Actually, I did kind of mention
it to her the other day.
[MANATSU]
Hey, Sis! Guess what?
Kana and I have decided that
we're gonna get into
comedy together!
[MAFUYU]
Uh-huh.
That's basically how it went.
That doesn't count, she
wasn't even listening.
Well, it didn't really
feel like the right time
for a serious talk.
Then I guess that just means
you'll have to bring it up
with her again.
Yep! For sure.
Oh! I just remembered.
Take a look. Wanna copy this?
This is JK Cool's routine.
But if we copy it,
isn't that plagiarism?
Plagiarism gives birth
to great works!
Whose words were those?
They're mine.
What are you up to?
Nothing! The real reason is
because I just want to practice
getting a feel for
the pauses and tempo.
Oh, that makes sense!
Let's give it a shot!
What? Now?
Hi there, folks! We're here
to fill your heart-tank
with happy energy,
and as always, I'm Eru!
[ERU]
Hm?
[NAYUTA]
Uh, sis?
Oh, Na! What is it?
We need some plastic bags.
Could you spare any?
How big do they need to be?
I'd say about this big.
Sure, we have bags that
size in the kitchen,
so I'll get them for you.
Just wait here a minute.
Hajime?
[HAJIME]
Hm?
The thing is, about tonight...
[HAJIME]
Na.
Give it your all.
[NAYUTA laughs]
Oh, how many plastic
bags did you need?
Two. Oh, actually, could I
get three or four instead?
Sure thing.
Like we thought,
the age of the crowd
hasn't changed much
from last night.
[NAYUTA] Mm. Though it looks
like there's a few families
with kids out there this time.
[RIN] We were right to
go with new material.
It's almost time.
I'm so nervous.
Likewise.
If our new material also
ends up bombing tonight,
I think that I'm gonna be
super down in the dumps.
[FUBUKI]
Mafuyu.
Don't talk like that.
We're going onstage soon.
You'll turn this
into a losing battle.
You're right.
Okay!
All right, go out
whenever you're ready.
Let's go and make 'em laugh!
[GIRLS]
Yeah!
♪
[MAFUYU]
Hi!
Mafuyu Kogarashi!
Fubuki Kitakaze!
And together...
...the two of us are...
...Tokonatsu!
Glad to be here, we've been
totally immersing ourselves
in Isawa Onsen all day.
Hey, hold on there. We haven't
been immersed all day.
We'd be all kinds of wrinkly if
we were soaking that long,
--wouldn't we?
--Yeah, we would.
Hey, don't just agree!
You should've just said that we
got ourselves here yesterday.
[MAFUYU]
Yikes. Not the greatest start.
[FUBUKI] No, it isn't. Better
to cut our losses and move on.
[MAFUYU] Okay, let's dive
into our main routine.
[FUBUKI]
Mm.
Moving on, we spent today doing
some sightseeing in the area.
Sure did, we went
all over Isawa Onsen!
Like Hottarakashi.
A Near Bath, a Far Bath,
a Green Bath, and a Horn Bath.
[MAFUYU] Whoa, whoa.
That's two too many!
[FUBUKI]
Sorry, got a little nostalgic.
[MAFUYU]
Nostalgic?
[FUBUKI] Yeah, there was a
Sunday comedy in the 70s
called The Near and
Far Greenhorn.
[MAFUYU] That's so old!
The crowd won't know that!
[GUESTS laughing]
I know it!
Wha--?
I'm surprised you knew
it since you look so young.
But you're kind of getting
up there, huh?
That was super rude
of you, Fubuki!
So sorry, ma'am. I think
you're still very young.
In any case, the show was
set in the 20th century
at an old castella sponge cake
shop called Mokkindo in Osaka.
Hey, how is it that you know
so much about it, anyway?
I'm starting to wonder
how old you really are!
And what the heck happened
to our Isawa Onsen story, huh?
You know, I think it'd be
all about Shingen mochi
if it were a show set here!
That's one way to force
us back on track.
[FUBUKI] Have you all heard
about the fresh Shingen mochi?
[GUESTS chattering]
[MAFUYU] That stuff is pretty
hard to get a hold of.
We actually tried
to buy some today,
but we totally came up empty.
They say that fresh
Shingen mochi
is like the Bigfoot of the
Shingen mochi world.
Huh? Nobody says that. I've
never even heard that before!
Hold on a sec.
Just what kind of world
is the "Shingen
mochi world" anyway?
It's one that has
big Shingen mochi
that fill up the whole place!
Oh, and speaking
of filling things up,
have you all been
to that unlimited
Shingen mochi place yet?
And yup, well, there she goes
changing the subject again.
You get to stuff a bag about
this size full of mochi
for a fixed price.
I'm going tomorrow!
I went there today!
We were actually there
earlier in the day.
Things ended up
getting complicated.
I asked around, and it
seems like the first trick
was that these plastic
bags can stretch out,
just like this!
Check it out. They can
stretch this wide!
Mm, what's up?
I was just thinking about
how impressive it was.
Isn't it though?
Oh yeah, I'd say you're
stretching that bag
just about as far
as you're stretching
the limits of human greed.
Too far! That's enough!
[MAFUYU]
And with that...
[BOTH]
...thank you very much!
[GUESTS clapping]
♪
I'm rapid-fire Rin!
And I'm mercurial Nayuta!
And together, we're RDeco!
Is it hot?
Or is it cold?
That is the question!
I had a particularly strange
experience today.
A strange one, huh?
Very. Here's the story.
I was at a roadside
rest station called Ogossouya,
just a few hours ago.
Oh, have any of you
ever stopped in there?
Sounds like
a few of you have.
Then I think they'll
know about this.
They have cold roasted
sweet potatoes there.
[RIN]
Cold roasted?
So, are they roasted or chilled?
Which one is it?
That's exactly what
I asked myself.
If you really think it through,
you'll see they're just
roasted sweet potatoes
that have been chilled.
Well, sure.
And the vendor was
trying to sell me on them.
He said they're even tastier
when they're cold.
Then he said, "Try one,"
reached into his cooler,
pulled a sweet potato out
split it into two pieces
right in front of me,
and offered me half.
"Go ahead, give it a try!"
he said.
That's way beyond just a
sample, wouldn't you say?
I know!
He gave me an
extra-large portion
because I'm just so cute.
[RIN]
Hm? What's with you?
If you had been
there with me, Rin,
I would've given
you my leftovers.
I would've been
more than happy to!
I don't want your leftovers.
[NAYUTA] That isn't even
the end of the story.
He reached even deeper into
the cooler and pulled out
a gourmet cold
roasted sweet potato.
And right in front of me again,
he split it in two
and offered me half.
"Go ahead give it a try!"
he said--and my goodness,
while the first sweet
potato was delicious,
it didn't even compare
to the gourmet one!
The vendor really gave
you a lot of samples.
So, you bought one, right?
Actually, in the end while they
were just some samples,
I had more or less
eaten an entire
cold roasted sweet potato,
so I was quite full.
Of course you were.
After that, I started
to get thirsty,
so I looked around
for some tea to drink.
And there it was,
sitting right there!
A big stainless-steel dispenser
that was filled with iced tea!
Oh, I'm glad you
found something.
And it was complimentary, too.
Good for you.
[NAYUTA] However, it had
some odd labels on it.
[RIN]
Odd how?
[NAYUTA]
This is what they said:
"Beware of burns.
Iced barley tea."
Not again with the "is it hot or
is it cold" thing? Which is it?
Callback!
[NAYUTA] So, I cautiously
poured some into a cup,
and it did turn out
to be some nice,
ice-cold barley tea.
[RIN]
Gotcha.
Hmm? Just a second. Nayuta,
you basically got to eat
a whole meal for free,
didn't you?
The soul of a bargain hunter
is like a blazing fire.
Unfortunately, there's a cold
wind blowing through my wallet.
Is it hot or cold? Callback!
[BOTH]
Thank you very much!
[CROWD clapping]
Okay. Our first topic
is "Old-Fashioned."
Why don't we start with Tomita.
An old-fashioned
couple's small talk.
The guy.
"Would you mind changing
the channel for me?"
The lady. "You want me to?
What a bother. Upsy-daisy."
That's how she gets up.
[GUESTS laughing]
[HATSUNA]
Next up, Nayuta.
[NAYUTA]
Sure! Old-fashioned pop songs!
"Reflected in your
eyes, I see..."
You did really well. That "old
fashioned" Q and A was great!
I laughed so hard that I thought
I was going to ruin my makeup!
I've got to admit, that really
means a lot coming
from the innkeeper herself.
I know I didn't give
you all much notice.
You really saved us.
Please allow me to offer you
my thanks once again.
[RIN] No need. We should
be thanking you,
we're so glad that you
invited us here.
Well, why don't
you all relax now
and enjoy the rest of your stay.
[ALL]
We will!
[TOMITA]
All right, let's take her up
on that and head over
to the hot spring!
--[MAFUYU] Woo-hoo!
--[RIN] Yeah, let's go!
Nayuta.
[HAJIME] To tell the truth, when
you first told me you wanted
to pursue comedy as
a career, the thought
running through my mind was that
you wouldn't stay
with it for long.
About that...
When we had that discussion,
you asked me something.
"Are you going to pursue
comedy and take it seriously?"
That was--
It's obvious now.
[NAYUTA]
Huh?
I've seen all kinds of
performers here,
so I can tell you this much.
All of you still have
further to go.
However, they do say
persistence pays off in the end.
Hajime...
I'm rooting for you,
sis, keep it up.
[NAYUTA laughs]
[NAYUTA chuckles]
[HAJIME]
Heh.
Oh, sorry. Were you
waiting for me?
Yup. Everything okay
with your sister?
[laughs]
[ALL]
Thank you for having us!
And thank you for filling
in this weekend, everyone.
I hope you'll join us
again sometime.
Sure!
[ERU]
What's next on Maesetsu?
[MANATSU, KANAE]
Twogether!
[GROUP]
Don't miss it!